welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to mexico
and we're coming back dead by way of the
recent slumber party game based film
truth or dare i'm also going to be doing
a giveaway that's detailed at the end of
the video so be sure to check that out
and i have a time stamp for your
convenience
let's get to it we opened on a little
beater screaming toward the frontira
internathianelle
that despite the apparent rush pulls
over in a service station for some fruit
the hooded driver asks for some
assistance but
after the proprietor takes a quick call
he invites her instead to
play a game
she then sets the only other occupant of
the store aflame but since they're both
hardcore gamers i'm sure she'll
understand
then we head back stateside where we
meet up with olivia busy setting up some
promotional material for her planned
habitat for humanity trip
unfortunately this would cause her to
miss her final spring break with her
best name marky
thankfully marky took it upon herself to
unsign down liv
so she's free to go and the whole friend
group softens the blow by agreeing to
contribute two weeks of their own time
to the cause after the semester's over a
fair trade
so they all pile into the ute and head
for their destination we then get an
instagram montage of their gallivanting
about mexico arriving at their last
evening where olivia is still
peeling marky off of randos to save
lucas's feelings
just like a true friend who's in love
with her best friend's boyfriend
ronnie then finds her at the bar coming
on strong and requiring her to be saved
by a gallant gentleman she thanks him
for his assistance by working hard to
justify her personality traits
and in return carter offers to show her
and her friends a special off the beaten
path spot to spend the final evening of
their final spring break
and when they get there it doesn't even
seem haunted or mildly uninteresting
carter sets them up with a few cold ones
and olivia goes exploring
she finds a little stash of reeking
artifacts but can't be sure if it's not
just ronnie
and then right when everyone starts
stretching thinking about hitting the
old dusty trail
carter hooks them back in with the
suggestion of a quick game of truth or
dare they start out slow with some basic
questions and ronnie giving a lap dance
even though he's terrible at it but
right when things seem to start ramping
up
tyson brings the mood right back down
are you aware that olivia
is in love with your boyfriend when liv
starts to clap back penelope tries to
get them focused back on the fun aspects
of the game
when he gets back to carter they ask his
true intentions about inviting them
there so he casually admits he brought
them specifically to play this game and
transfer his curse onto them
from this point on they must all tell
the truth or complete the dare under
pain of death
olivia's somewhat bemused by this but
then has a visual hallucination that
spooks her but they all clear out and go
home regardless
after they return to campus we learn
that liv and marky haven't been talking
much since the revelations over spring
break but she's not too worried about it
because nothing could break their bond
she gets a little rattled when she finds
she has a ghost flyer in the mail and
then a homeless man
looks at her but marky busts in with
mojito peace offering confirming that
since her dad's suicide liv is basically
her whole family now
and she'll never let a swing and dick
come between him as she continues with
her day she finds another message
and ronnie again but when confronted he
informs her that there's nothing on her
car
when she steps into the library she's
mobbed by a group of her peers who have
devilish grins
and they insist she pick truth or dare
asking what's the deepest secret she's
keeping for her friend
she blurts out marky's constantly
cheating on lucas
in front of a normal looking library
which is fairly damaging to their
various relationships
later at the bar we see ronnie push a
young lady to play with his pool cue in
that charming way that he does but she
turns smiley and truth or dares him
suggesting that he show everyone his
pool cue
dirty ronnie's not only game but he
calls the attention of the whole bar
making a big deal of it until a heckler
shames him into keeping zipped up
with his intention now locked in he
himself becomes a smiley boy and seeks
out the nearest path toward death and he
finds him we then circle back with
olivia at the crib trying to convince
the remainder of the friend group of the
odd occurrence she was witness to
they laugh at her silliness until they
all get texts alerting them to the
snapchat that contains ronnie's apparent
unexpected suicide the tone becomes
serious but there is still no proof it
was a curse
it's not long however before lucas
begins to hear the siren call of the
game
and as it etches the burning question
into his flesh he calls liv to verbalize
his amorous feelings for her putting
them both into a position now where they
have to try to convince everyone else
at the girl's house they work out that
there's a turn order to the game so they
hope to work together to stay ahead of
it
but this is a gaggle of [ __ ] who
are determined to hold on to their
credulity like it was made of gold but
during the convincing stage marky gets a
text
daring her to break olivia's hand and
now they've finally got a game going
liv shows them how serious she is by
handing her a hammer and
offering up her phalanges four-room
style while this represents a satisfying
salvation for marky the horror of it
scatters the rest of them while at the
hospital we roll over to it being brad's
turn and right as he's trying to figure
out what's real or imagined
daddy arrives to deliver his options in
the aftermath we learn he was forced
via truth to come out to his father and
it was actually kind of a liberating
experience
as more of the group are brought into
the reality of the situation they
realize they have to try to catch up
with tyson as his turn is next
unfortunately he's moving beyond their
reach as he has an appointment for a med
school interview he intends to crush
with gusto he manages to hold it
together but the interview ends on a
strange note with the dean asking him to
tell the truth about his prescription
forging business and when he refuses to
fess up it causes him to go goofy
as the gang tries to get in and save him
from himself he shows the dean a magic
trick
in two parts back at the crib lucas
comes up with the idea that they should
all choose truth no matter what and
marky suggests they try their best to
see if they can locate
carter to find a way to end the game
despite the limited information they are
able to wield the power of google
bingo they find an article about the
girl from the opening and only have to
spend five dollars for a 12 month
subscription to view it
liv backs up the search on facebook and
finds carter on gisele's page
so they set up a fake account and dm her
knowing she's likely
still checking in on her friend group
from her hiding spot meanwhile penn has
been busy getting her drink on and
reminiscing about old times
when she accidentally slides inside a
mirror awkward
but when prompted she wisely picks truth
sorry
that's not how this game works that's
exactly how this works
the others find out the choice is not
always theirs when they discover pen
walking the ledge while finishing her
juice
since she has to complete her dare to
live they just work to make it as safe
as possible
while she works to call forth the power
of the ibex they attempt to help guide
her through her dare with some obvious
pitfalls ahead of them
liv steps up to sacrifice her beemer as
penn finishes the bottle and blacks out
and they successfully bring her home but
they can't dwell on this now because
gisele hit liv back in the dms
they meet up with her in a back alley
and proceed cautiously she basically
reiterates what they already knew but
with one addition
her friends started the game as two
truths in a dare which is why they don't
always get to choose truth
then when they call olivia's name to
leave we learn gisele is still playing
and has her own dare to fulfill she
takes out pen in pursuit of liv before
they can pin her down which ultimately
causes her to go wonky and use her demon
strength and take herself out of the
game
olivia comes out with all the details to
the detective investigating the incident
hoping in the course of questioning she
may coax a little info out of him about
carter but that name is not connected to
his case as far as he's aware
after release brad splits off while they
continue their research
googling cursed missions in mexico lucas
finds an encouraging story about a
mission massacre in tijuana
meanwhile liv is upstairs investigating
a series of open doors
and she is very aggressively given her
turn by a confused hobo
after lucas returns from chasing him off
we learn liv got a little saucy and
chose dare
forcing her to sleep with lukas assuming
this to be her desired outcome marky
holds it against her as if they're not
all currently the devil's playthings
after she storms off liv confides that
she made her choice to avoid having to
tell marky a terrible secret and her
honesty is so arousing that they can't
help but to get right to it the end
result is her
truth or daring lucas to completion
resulting in him
truth and her brains out by letting her
know that he favors infidelity and truly
loves marky over her
after concluding their research they've
identified the sole survivor of the
original mission massacre who they
presume is the key to all of this
elsewhere marky's getting tear deed by
her dad and she reveals that she's been
hanging on to his suicide gun which he
recommends she
keep close the next morning finds the
crew taking a day trip to tijuana where
they have to wait about an hour to see
grams who hasn't spoken in 50 years
when they finally take audience with her
we learned the weight was due to her
preparing a set of written statements
about the curse
and it's your fairly standard stuff
demons possess
people places objects and even
games they learn the person who summoned
the demon may trap it again one just
needs to follow the appropriate rules
which are capped off by a sacrifice of
the tongue
see when they get back they try to
figure out how to identify and locate
gisele's friend sam who she had
identified as the party who originally
broke the pot to release the demon but
they get sidetracked when brad's father
shows back
up again they've circled around now to
the required dare forcing brad to compel
his father to beg for his life but daddy
just wants to talk this out
delaying things so that before either of
them complete their portion
his partner returns to pop brad right
through the spine familial connections
be damned
while at the station afterward liv gets
her turn and just to demonstrate how
meaningless the rules are she chooses
truth but the demon dares her to tell
marky the secret she's been hiding she
sits marky down to reveal that she was
present on the night when her dad died
he had just lost his job and had been
drinking he came onto her and in the
fallout of her emphatic rejection
she suggests that he see about ensuring
a deficit of existing into the future
and then he did before they can hug it
out liv is called into the interrogation
room where the detectives revealed
they've located her secret dms and are a
few steps closer than last time he
reveals the nefarious sam
who she recognizes as carter and she
manages to surreptitiously photograph
the file before verifying that she's not
under arrest and therefore free to leave
lucas and liv then head back to the
house and bust in to find marky pointed
ak-47 straight at her face
they dissuade her from this by revealing
they are now privy to carter's location
so maybe she can use her gat on him
instead they zoom on over there and bust
into sam's deprivation layer which is
looking pretty sweet so he's not likely
to go willingly but livvy pulls out on
that fool and soon they're heading back
to the old mission where they've created
so many lasting memories they give sam
the tools of the ritual and press him
blindly forward toward the goal
the earth gets to quake and beneath them
an inopportune time for a game but lucas
gets his turn nonetheless
he immediately steps out as he's been
dared to kill one of the ladies
why did you pick dare because i knew if
i didn't then one of you would have to
but the game's almost over idiot but
regardless his sacrifice
is so hot with the incantations done
it's time for the
surprise tongue cropping as the girls
hold luke is down sam gets to cutting
while waiting to see if this was enough
demon lucas kills sam and then himself
which seems a bit like a stretching of
the rules
liv then convinces marky to choose dare
so she can parlay with the demon she
poses the truth or dear question to it
only to learn that there are no
loopholes and no way out but to die
so as they race back home liv sends a
post to her massive worldwide audience
with warnings and rules of the game
before asking them
truth or dare no you wanted to give a
huge thank you to everyone who watches
and enjoys my videos for 10k subscribers
as a thank you i'm going to be doing a
giveaway in which five people who enter
will win slash forward hoodies all you
have to do is like the video and then
comment with your guess as to what
movies are featured in my original intro
[Music]
[Applause]
i'll be collecting entries in this video
and the next two videos and then i'll be
announcing the winners in my march 16th
video
i'd also like to give huge thanks to my
donors memorialized in the hall of head
shots
[Music]
truth or dare was pretty fun it's one of
those standard demon possession movies
where the rules get a little grey and it
seems like they ended up wanting to
drive the movie forward by stretching
the rules rather than working within
them but
still made for a fun ride if you enjoyed
the video i'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching